Deprecate special 'master' subdirectory treatment for multiproject roots (#15156)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/migration/upgrading_version_6.adoc

Task ordering using `mustRunAfter` and `shouldRunAfter` as well as finalizers specified by `finalizedBy` should be used for task ordering within a build.
If you happen to have cross-build task ordering defined using above mentioned methods, consider restructuring such builds and decoupling them from one another.

[[master_subdirectory_root_build]]

> ==== Resolving root build in 'master' from a sibling subproject

Reviewer: Maybe...
```suggestion
==== Searching for settings files in 'master' directories
```

> Resolving root build in a directory named `master` when Gradle is invoked from a sibling subproject has been deprecated.
> If a build uses a directory named `master` to define the root build, and you want to keep the ability to invoke Gradle
> from its subprojects, then consider refactoring the build to have its root match the physical root of the subproject hierarchy.
> Alternatively, the tasks for such builds can still be invoked from the root project in `master` directory by their
> <<intro_multi_project_builds.adoc#sec:executing_tasks_by_fully_qualified_name,fully qualified names>>.

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
Gradle will emit a deprecation warning when your build relies on finding the settings file in a directory named `master` in a sibling directory.

If your build uses this feature, consider refactoring the build to have the root directory match the physical root of the project hierarchy.

Alternatively, you can still run tasks in builds like this by invoking the build from the `master` directory only using a
<<intro_multi_project_builds.adoc#sec:executing_tasks_by_fully_qualified_name,fully qualified path to the task>>.
```
